how's everybody doing him to drink this
coffee real quick I go a few things
widget I've been using the celly on
magic cube right here this little box
for about three days now my first
impressions a few days ago I gave out
and now I'd like to go over with you
after using it for about three days now
this is really meant for ipads ipods
iphones mainly tablet computers that you
carry around with you because it's so
portable you can use it for desktop this
is not a gaming keyboard this is not
meant for gaming keyboard they even say
say so for pay for saying that where you
can't play video games with it it wasn't
designed for that is like buying the
ford escort and people say well you
can't race nascar with it it wasn't
designed for it so for people who
complain that you can't pay vehicle by
gaming keyboard so whatever a few things
and it works really well the FN right
increases the brightness of the LED FN
and up and down recruit increases and
decreases the volume of the sound of the
keyboard the turn at all when i was
initially doing it i was turning it off
and then using all my fingers to turn it
back on and they tell you to use three
fingers to turn back on so
that's great far as lighting goes it's
like your regular laser pen that you use
during the daytime you know have dogs
and cats chase the little laser beam
around it's just like that the only
problem is me trying to capture that
with a camera is very difficult I don't
know if the camera opticals are not able
to capture it but it looks real dimmed
and believe me it's not it's very lit up
it's very pronounced I can make it out
real easy even in the light it's just
y'all won't be able to see it I don't
know why the camera doesn't capture it
so we go over a few things fpn and arrow
turns into a mouse I'm going to open up
my chrome and I'm going to go over to
google plus
and there it is you know y'all can see
it I opened it up it works great
basically everything they said on their
website everything they said on their
youtube video and their videos they have
on the websites are correct it does
great I've noticed there was that other
model and people saying that once you
put your fingers in the laser when it
BOTS it starts typing this and does not
do that as you can see I can hover above
the laser and it will not type you know
block the laser on my fingers and say it
doesn't type anything so yeah let me go
here and exit out the chrome or let's
open up a notepad
you know let's just go back the google
chrome let's just do some type in here
i'ma type on facebook okay
oh yeah i'm still using a mouse and to
get off the mouth all you do is hit the
arrow key you don't have to hit that man
to see the arrow
see
oh my me
now see there it is so yeah but
a click device is meant for a travel
keyboard because the social Martin care
Wiz you I would definitely use it on my
iPad and use it for other things so
that's about it and y'all have a good
target tonight Oh subscribe I don't know
i think the subscription button should
be right over here somewhere like the
video over here somewhere scribe over
here I think that's where it is anyway
y'all do that like the video leave a
comment getting questions write them in
the comments below and I guess I holla
at y'all later all picked out